Readme updates (#8609)
DataDog/documentation: README.md

| Command                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `make start-no-pre-build` | Build the lightweight version of the documentation with no extra content                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `make start`              | Build the full documentation with all extra content (integrations, extra pulled files, localised content...). Only useful if you have a Github personal token setup in your `Makefile.config` or the extra content is available localy. If you are working with local content, the repo must be downloaded to the same folder as the documentation repo. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `make start`              | Build the full documentation with all extra content (integrations, extra pulled files, localized content, etc). Only useful if you have a Github personal token setup in your `Makefile.config` or the extra content is available locally. If you are working with local content, the repo must be downloaded to the same folder as the documentation repo. |
```
